Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to have validation to our test form fields.
Okay, I'm going to screw up and we have this first test form field for the price.
And as you know, the test for field as a property known as validator and parentheses, that is going
to take in the value which is referring to the input of the user.
And now we can have an if statement.
We can say value dot.
That is that is empty.
A value that is empty.
We need to check of via.
A that is empty.
Then we want to return.
We want to return a test which is going to say, please, price must not be empty.
And see.
Okay.
Else.
If it is filled in, then we want to let the user go.
Okay.
And what we can simply do is copy this.
And is this over?
Yeah.
Within the test phone field.
And this is going to be quantity.
Quan Quan t.
T and pays this over year.
This is going to be please product name must not be M.C. and lastly.
We have to pace this over here.
And this is going to say, please description.
Description shot, not the empty.
Okay, then that's you know, that's a make.
This validates our work.
We have to create a form key.
Right.
So we tend to states, we can go ahead and say finder and it's going to find us.
Sorry, it's going to be a type of global low key.
And farm state.
And what we can do, we can make this available private by using the underscore and form key is going
to be equal to global.
Glover a key.
And.
Farm state.
Okay.
Great.
Hopefully you're mastering the process.
Right.
Okay.
And what we have to do now is to rob the parent column with.
A farm.
The reason for this is because we want to be able to have access to the key property.
So a light and wrap with we don't have that over here so we can wrap with form and now we have access
to a property like Key and now we can bind it with this form key.
Okay, great.
And now where we have the upload function, we have the upload function of via.
We can then have another check.
We can then say if.
On this call from QI.
I think you've seen all this before.
By this time, you're going to master it.
Okay.
The current state.
So in its current current context.
But current state thought is validated.
If it is validated, we also do need a no check of a.
If it is validated, then what we want to do is for now we are going to print something says.
We are just going to say, cool.
Else if it is not validated.
We then want to return our snack bar.
Snack bar.
And we can maybe say please feels.
Fields.
If this field must not be left empty.
Okay.
Had your semicolon and used control less ANOVA.
Yeah, you can see we have this quantity field.
The quantity.
And price.
What we can do is we can specify the type of inputs we are expecting to do that within the telephone
field.
It has a property known as keyboard and this is going to be test inputs type and we need the number.
Okay.
We're going to do this for the price.
And it has a property known as keyboards type and this is going to be test imputes.
Type world number.
Okay.
Control, NASA save.
And try this out.
If you click on this upload, you can see, please, fields must not be left empty.
And you can see all this validation we have.
Okay, now click on the price and you can see it's going to switch on the number of keyboard and same.
It's gonna switch the number of keyboard to add the quantity and to add price since.
Good.
This is good.
What about all this other fields?
To an.
This.
This is going to have it says over.
And test and then click on this.
Okay.
Click on this.
Sorry upload.
Okay.
You can see it is currently valid.
Let's go check our seminar and hopefully we are going to see cool over there.
Look it cool.
I think you've seen all this before.
So by this time around, you're going to master it?
I think it is not speed.
You won't understand everything at the moment, but consistency would help you.
So I believe as you keep on repeating it, repeating it, definitely you understand and you will be
able to do it on your own.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you at the next lecture.